hey buddy ischemic filly gave me and we
are back at you with Mother Disney
infinity 2.0 toy box and today we are
doing frozen fever by the Disney
infinity team help Elsa give her sister
Anna the perfect day play the level then
see the shortened theaters exclusively
with Cinderella on March 13 2015 not
2014 not 2016 it's out now guys so how
many of you guys have seen Cinderella
that's what I want to know Elsa we're
gonna have a little bit of fun this
looks pretty sweet welcome back to
arendelle a lot has changed since your
last visit
yes a lot has the castle looks a lot
different oh man Oh for starters it's no
longer winter the arrival of warm
weather also brings another reason to
celebrate a royal birthday what a row
birthday a problem has arisen however a
certain huggable snowman has misplaced
the guests desserts
Queen Elsa will need your help to find
them oh so we're gonna go look for some
cake right good luck that's the only
dessert I know of this is really really
cool-looking
I like how they set this one up it's
pretty cool it looks like there's gonna
be a royal feast outside and Aaron down
this is nice
let's get somewhere let's do something
oh yeah look at those tables set up
everywhere and it looks like oh that's
me it's me there's cake my sister
deserves the very best birthday
celebration please help me get
everything back in order alright so we
just got one two cakes
alright alright snow powder huh we gotta
do oh and the cake appeared over the
tables that's sweet
so cool and look it's a very unhappy
birthday a very unhappy birthday to you
so we gotta find I don't know I don't
know how many tables were there we gotta
find a lot of cake guys you've already
found two we're gonna search for more
hopefully oh there it is there's number
three we gotta find four more earth not
for more cakes I don't know a whole
bunch more cakes come on what's up here
what's over there what's all around this
is a really cool recreation of the
arendelle Castle I like this it's like
the you got like the castle and then you
get the frozen land that was like right
in front of the castle like their
courtyard that was pretty sweet
oh man who's this no Blumkin you hold
big birthday blowout I believe these
belong in the bakery department yes
we got two cakes oh yeah a quarter of
the way there that's four and then five
five so every four we're a quarter of
the way there so we gotta get four eight
twelve sixteen cakes we've got five nice
anything over this way nope nothing
that's okay we're gonna be alright we
will be a-okay oh man looks I've got a
horse stable back over that way hmm
yes we do cool oh man the button it's
not what the heck it didn't work
because I'm done for some reason I think
there's been like two different toy
boxes that I've been in where that
didn't worked where one call a horse for
some reason but what I wrote was
supposed to call alright what else we
got well we got six cakes so we need ah
ten more Wow
they're pretty well hidden - they didn't
high up in the hopping the rafters and
the ceilings no just kidding
in the building zone and some are on the
ground one was in a horse stable that's
pretty cool I like the little balloons
like little up house balloons that's
cool yeah anything else over here maybe
Oh cake that's seven seven we need nine
more Wow this might take a while I love
adventures like this so where you got to
go looking for the cakes that's fun
Oh so when I also asked me to place
these she was thinking more to each
table and let's all around the castle
gotcha
you silly man a lot that's eight halfway
there oh wait there's eight nine there
was two cakes I must have picked it up
huh that's crazy
so we got nine cakes so far
sweet we need some more cake
we're out of mission oh it's more cake
oh there's ten I found you you got any
more not up here maybe some more down
here we'll look around real quick a
little look-see I don't think so but
there's this big building over here I'm
not gonna go up there just yeah I'm
gonna actually go behind it around it
because it looks like we can go around
and yep boom what does that make eleven
eleven and then there's the twelfth one
right up there and then the only place
that we have left to search is this big
building so let's see hopefully only
four left hopefully we got like a maze
or something inside or steps and you got
to go way up and then it's for more
cakes or we're gonna have to put on our
boots pack and look around the buildings
so my sister asked me to stay in here
until she came back which isn't weird at
all
I wonder what she's up to and we get our
four cakes that's all that we need
there's fifteen and sixteen great job
sweet we did it you found all the
desserts and it looks like the party is
all set nothing else could possibly go
wrong
right I don't know but do you think
you'd you're wrong could anything else
go wrong find out in the new Walt Disney
animation short frozen fever so that's
basically a recreation of the frozen
fever and business affinity play
exclusively at Cinderella in theaters
March 13th so how many of you guys have
seen it leave it in the comments down
below let me know what's the movie good
we're going to see in the theaters or
shouldn't wait to get it on DVD because
we always buy all the Disney movies
anyways but some I should wait for it
she's gonna see in the movies the
grounded the rest of this toy box it's
pretty cool I like how they built this
one it's really nice
it definitely depicts and oh we can't
get inside that door still though that
doors locked
it's a it's a dummy door it's just there
for looks
check out these pirate ships over there
on the other side I thought that was
pretty interesting that they have the
ships over there
you still can't spawn anything
I like the Train on the backside over
here too but there's a pirate ship I
don't know it's just floating in mid-air
well my friends I think we're actually
gonna wrap it up right there
this was frozen fever with Elsa if you
want more Disney infinity 2.0 toy boxes
make sure that you slap that like button
leave a comment down below and subscribe
peace out and bedazzled